First Deal
Deals the top four cards face down to the centre of the table, and then a packet of four cards 
to each player, beginning to dealer's right and ending with the dealer. The remaining stock of (undealt) cards is placed face 
down to one side; the bottom card (the one the cutter looked at, which is not a jack) is placed face up at right angles under 
the stock, so that its value can be seen by all.

The dealer turns one card of the four in the centre of the table face up, to start the discard pile. If it is a jack, further 
cards are turned up until one is found that is not a jack. In the unlikely event that all four of the centre cards were jacks, 
there would have to be a redeal.

The Play
The player to dealer's right begins, and the turn to play passes anticlockwise. A turn consists of playing 
one card from your hand face up on top of the discard pile.

If rank of the played card matches the rank of the previous card on the pile, the playing team captures the whole pile.
The captured cards are stored face down in front of one member of the team. The next player will then start a new discard 
pile by playing a card face up to the empty table.

Playing a jack also captures the whole pile, no matter what card is on top of it.

If the played card is not a jack and is not equal to the previous top card of the pile, the played card is simply added to the top of the pile.

The team which makes the first capture also gets the cards which were dealt to the centre of the table. Both 
members of the capturing team can look at these cards, but the other team are not allowed to see them.

Further Deals
When all the players have played their four cards, the dealer deals another batch of four cards to each player 
from the stock (but no more to the centre of the table) and play continues. When these cards are played, the dealer 
deals a further batch of four cards each. With four players, this third deal exhausts the stock (the dealer will get the 
exposed card from the bottom of the pack). When everyone has played their last four cards, any cards remaining in the discard 
pile are given to the last team that made a capture. The play of the hand is now over, and the teams score for the cards they have captured (see below).

Pishti
If the pile consists of just one card and the next player captures it by playing a matching card (not a jack), 
the capturing team scores a 10 point bonus for a pishti. The capturing card is placed face up in the team's 
capture pile as a way of remembering the 10 points when scoring. If the pile consists of just a single jack 
and you capture it with another jack, this counts as a double pişti, worth 20 points. A pishti can happen at 
any stage of the game, except that you cannot score a pişti for the very first card played by the player to 
dealer's right (capturing the original centre cards) nor for the very last card played by the dealer (just before the hand is scored).

Scoring
Points are scored for particular cards, for the majority of cards, and for each pishti as follows:

Each jack	   . . .  1 point
Each ace	   . . .  1 point
club2		   . . .  2 points
diamond10	   . . .  3 points
Majority of cards  . . .  3 points
Each pişti	   . . .  10 points
